Grandpa wants you to help me block the Buddha and Bodhisattva
Do one thing
So what's up?
kill
Murder Grandpa I Killer This Sea
Someone thinks he is not reconciled
I step behind the scenes to support you
Director of the first ceremony in heaven
Gotta help me get the head back
Finally, I read it to Li Kemeng myself
Return to marriage hahahaha
Is one
know
How did it go?
There will still be people robbing our mother in the future
All the ways to change our iron feet
hold us back
It's all my fault for feeling my own killer
Those stupid people deserve to die
Dare to accuse us of the world
Destroy the floating future
I am Ken Xiang
Yes, I do.
Confession has a future
So here's what I'm saying.
Those peerless martial arts
passing by
What passing by
People passing by are still posting about juvenile restrictions
What about the prelude to the future?
Do you dare to kill me?
Just a local dog
Why not?